docs: Guided exercise interactions via CLI (#945)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/4-my-own-chain/game-forfeit.md

## New information

> An expired game occurs in two different cases:

Author: ```suggestion
A game expires in two different situations:
```
@AndrewB9lab

> 1. No moves were ever played, so it is removed quietly.
> 2. One or more moves were played, making it a proper game, and the outcome is a forfeit because one player failed to play in time.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Not more than a single move was ever played, so at least a player failed to express their interest in the game. The game is removed quietly.
2. Two or more moves were played, making it a proper game, and the outcome is a forfeit because one player failed to play in time.
```
@AndrewB9lab I am changing this to reflect the reality of the code.

---

> Space each `tx` command from a given account by a couple of seconds so that they each go into a different block - `checkersd` is limited because it uses the account's transaction sequence number by fetching it from the current state. With three games in, confirm that you see them all:

Author: ```suggestion
Space each `tx` command from a given account by a couple of seconds so that they each go into a different block - by default `checkersd` is limited because it uses the account's transaction sequence number by fetching it from the current state.

<HighlightBox type="tip">

 If you want to overcome this limitation, look at `checkersd`'s `--sequence` flag:
 
 ```sh
 $ checkersd tx checkers create-game --help
 ```sh

And at your account's current sequence. For instance:

```sh
$ checkersd query account $alice --output json | jq ".sequence"
```sh

Which returns something like:

```json
"9"
```json

</HighlightBox>

With three games in, confirm that you see them all:
```
@AndrewB9lab You know, before adding my suggestion to a batch, you can edit it too.

Reviewer: So, if I use **Edit** in these comment windows, changes I make inside the ```suggestion``` tags will be committed to the MD, correct? Thank you, that's good to know.

Author: If you edit the suggestion in my comment, then the comment and the suggestion change. After that, you are back to a suggestion that is here waiting to be committed or not.
